that's  their dad in the fact
a  reminder
ninian  do aither twenty six or twenty seven years old
i  google and the internet said there were twenty six
it  feels like they've been twenty six for a very long time
but  on the other hand the first two minutes of this video felt like the longest to distil
it
sagimau  liberties you see
i'm  a caiman
what  is beatification tatatatatat
i  got a lot of atheistic is painstaking
his  pianissimo canadian
totalities  wapakonnetta
petite
audience  to
on  what books you are reading
when  you were twenty six years old twenty six a difficult age
michael  friend melissa
as  old again as she's been reading a lot of books and reflecting
on  what he wants to do with their life
the  really good news about nine randa is that they finally went back to
school
the  time when they published their book the clear skin diet not too
long  ago
they  still boasted that they dropped at a school to pursue their social media
career  the social media stardom
and  you know
when  you read what it is they have to say as they struggled up put
the  thoughts to get
i  think you really see the harm that that's
yeah  i do find that a little strange to see to see them dancing
in  very revealing attire with the father in the room i found it very strange when they put
up  that music video recently
the  duck boy music video accorded entirely with their father there
were  a lot of things i find strange you know
about  their life styles
and  i think the path they got on in terms of modeling
and  acting and now trying to present themselves as health and beauty icons selling
moisture  iser and skin glancer and sung a diable
i  think it is stunted their growth
both  mentally
i  go tell you that one clip of them dancing whether whether actually wearing clothes
as  opposed to like a bathing suit or skin it apparel
somehow  somehow it's more disturbing
i  guess because the clothes give you more of a sense of how under weight they are like the way the
clothes  hang on them draws attention to just tell skinner
but
it's  a publicly stated fact that they're now working as fitness
training  professionals
as  fitness instructors
there  making this more and more a part of their identity more and more
away  they are in money
so  on and so
i  remember
what  it was like
and  as i say i share my life with a twenty year old woman
who  is in many ways struggling to compensate
for  the huge gaps in our knowledge
left  by the american education
some  people live their whole lives
the  ink black
those  gaps in relation
to  don't know